README.md, before:

# Deep Learning Framework Wheel Builder
## Description
This repo handles the compiling of various Deep Learning Framework libraries, creating the wheels (binaries), for use in Docker Container or local install. This can be executed locally or thru a CI job.

## Requirements


## Process
1. Spins up an EC2 instance of the supported build 
     * c5.2xlarge: Used for building x86_64 CPU pip wheels
     * p3.2xlarge: Used for building x86_64 "Nvidia" GPU pip wheels
     * t4g.2xlarge: Used for building aarch64/arm64(AWS Graviton) CPU pip wheels
2. Installs any needed OS packages on the host to support building pip wheels thru docker
3. Spins up a docker image on the host for the build. All docker images are Ubuntu 20.02 derivatives
4. Install needed os packages to the docker container
5. Install needed conda packages to docker container
6. Install Open-MPI
7. Begin build process. Depending on the arch and type of build, will dictate what additional items git built. EXAMPLE: arm64 builds install/build OpenBLAS and ArmCL.
8. Complete wheels with "auditwheel" for platform "manylinux_2_31_[arch]"
9. Download wheel to local system

## Planned Frameworks
The Planned frameworks are the following:
     * PyTorch
     * TensorFlow
     * MxNet

The first framework this supports is: __PyTorch__

## Usage "PyTorch"

``` 
pytorch/build_pytorch.py --pytorch-version x.x.x(-xxx) --python-version x.x 
```
### Additional args

| arg | Description | Note |
|-----|-------------|------|
| --python-version | set python version x.x (3.9) | See table below |
| --pytorch-version | set to supported pytorch version | See table below |
| --is-arm64 | add to build arm64 wheels | |
| --enable-mkldnn | add to enable mkldnn for arm64 wheels | |
| --enable-cuda | add to build x86_64 wheels with nVidia Cuda Toolkit | ignored when --is-arm64 is set |
| --cuda-version | set nVidia CUDA Toolkit version x.x.x (11.6.0) | required when cuda enabled |
| --keep-instance-on-failure | add to keep instance running after a failure.  | Used to troubleshoot the build process |

### Supported PyTorch versions
When building supported PyTorch version, this will also build the supporting apps (TorchVision, TorchAudio, TorchText, Torchdata)

| PyTorch | TorchVision | TorchAudio | TorchText | TorchData |
|---------|-------------|------------|-----------|-----------|
| master | main | main | main | main |
| nightly | nightly | nightly | nightly | nightly |
| 2.0.0-rc2 | 0.15.0-rc2 | 2.0.0-rc2 | 0.15.0-rc2 | 0.6.0-rc2 |
| 1.13.1 | 0.14.1 | 0.13.1 | 0.14.1 | 0.5.1 |
| 1.12.1 | 0.13.1 | 0.12.1 | 0.13.1 | 0.4.1 |
| 1.11.0 | 0.12.1 | 0.11.0 | 0.12.0 | 0.3.0 |

### Supported Python Version

| Python |
|--------|
| 3.7    |
| 3.8    |
| 3.9    |
| 3.10   |
| 3.11   |

Commit message:

more cleanup added torch-only option

README.md, after:

# Deep Learning Framework Wheel Builder
## Description
This repo handles the compiling of various Deep Learning Framework libraries, creating the wheels (binaries), for use in Docker Container or local install. This can be executed locally or thru a CI job.

## Requirements


## Process
1. Spins up an EC2 instance of the supported build 
     * c5.2xlarge: Used for building x86_64 CPU pip wheels
     * p3.2xlarge: Used for building x86_64 "Nvidia" GPU pip wheels
     * t4g.2xlarge: Used for building aarch64/arm64(AWS Graviton) CPU pip wheels
2. Installs any needed OS packages on the host to support building pip wheels thru docker
3. Spins up a docker image on the host for the build. All docker images are Ubuntu 20.02 derivatives
4. Install needed os packages to the docker container
5. Install needed conda packages to docker container
6. Install Open-MPI
7. Begin build process. Depending on the arch and type of build, will dictate what additional items git built. EXAMPLE: arm64 builds install/build OpenBLAS and ArmCL.
8. Complete wheels with "auditwheel" for platform "manylinux_2_31_[arch]"
9. Download wheel to local system

## Planned Frameworks
The Planned frameworks are the following:
     * PyTorch
     * TensorFlow
     * MxNet

The first framework this supports is: __PyTorch__

## Usage "PyTorch"

``` 
pytorch/build_pytorch.py --pytorch-version x.x.x(-xxx) --python-version x.x 
```
### Additional args

| arg | Description | Note |
|-----|-------------|------|
| --python-version | set python version x.x (3.9) | See table below |
| --pytorch-version | set to supported pytorch version | See table below |
| --is-arm64 | add to build arm64 wheels | |
| --enable-mkldnn | add to enable mkldnn for arm64 wheels | |
| --enable-cuda | add to build x86_64 wheels with nVidia Cuda Toolkit | ignored when --is-arm64 is set |
| --cuda-version | set nVidia CUDA Toolkit version x.x.x (11.6.0) | required when cuda enabled |
| --keep-instance-on-failure | add to keep instance running after a failure.  | Used to troubleshoot the build process |
| --torch-only | will build torch wheel only | used mainly for updates to torch only |

### Supported PyTorch versions
When building supported PyTorch version, this will also build the supporting apps (TorchVision, TorchAudio, TorchText, Torchdata)

| PyTorch | TorchVision | TorchAudio | TorchText | TorchData |
|---------|-------------|------------|-----------|-----------|
| master | main | main | main | main |
| nightly | nightly | nightly | nightly | nightly |
| 2.0.0-rc2 | 0.15.0-rc2 | 2.0.0-rc2 | 0.15.0-rc2 | 0.6.0-rc2 |
| 1.13.1 | 0.14.1 | 0.13.1 | 0.14.1 | 0.5.1 |
| 1.12.1 | 0.13.1 | 0.12.1 | 0.13.1 | 0.4.1 |
| 1.11.0 | 0.12.1 | 0.11.0 | 0.12.0 | 0.3.0 |

### Supported Python Version

| Python |
|--------|
| 3.7    |
| 3.8    |
| 3.9    |
| 3.10   |
| 3.11   |
